Tier 1 - Hextech Augments count as having additional except Cuddly, glutton, sister, colossus, transformer

 Academy Heart
-Your team counts as having 1 additional Academic.
 Arcanist Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Arcanist.
 Assassin Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Assassin.
 Bodyguard Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Bodyguard.
 Bruiser Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Bruiser.
 Challenger Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Challenger.
 Chemtech Heart
-Your team counts as having 1 additional Chemtech.
 Clockwork Heart
-Your team counts as having 1 additional Clockwork.
 Enchanter Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Enchanter.
 Enforcer Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Enforcer.
 Imperial Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Imperial.
 Innovator Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Innovator.
 Mutant Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Mutant.
 Mercenary Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Mercenary.
 Protector Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Protector.
 Socialite Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Socialite.
 Syndicate Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Syndicate.
 Scholar Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Scholar.
 Scrap Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Scrap.
 Sniper Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Sniper.
 Twinshot Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Twinshot.


Tier 3 - Hextech ,Augments count as having 2 additional except Cuddly, glutton, sister, colossus,transformer
 Arcanist Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Arcanists.
 Assassin Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Assassins.
 Bodyguard Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Bodyguards.
 Bruiser Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Bruisers.
 Challenger Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Challengers.
 Chemtech Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Chemtechs.
 Clockwork Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Clockworks.
 Enchanter Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Enchanters.
 Enforcer Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Enforcers.
 Imperial Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Imperials.
 Innovator Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Innovators.
 Mercenary Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Mercenaries.
 Mutant Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Mutants.
 Protector Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Protectors.
 Scholar Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Scholars.
 Scrap Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Scraps.
 Sniper Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Snipers.
 Socialite Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Socialites.
 Syndicate Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Syndicates.
 Twinshot Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Twinshots.


-----------------GOlD ---------------------
Tier 1 
 Calculated Loss
After losing your combat, gain 2 gold and a free Shop refresh.
 Dominance
After winning your combat, gain 1 bonus gold for every 2 surviving units.
 Hyper Roll
If you have less than 10 gold at the end of a round, gain 3 gold.





Tier 1 - Hextech Augments

 Wise Spending
Gain 1 experience point when you refresh your Shop.
 Binary Airdrop
Your units equipped with 2 items temporarily gain a random completed item at the start of combat.
 Item Grab Bag I
Gain 1 random completed item and 1 Reforger.
 Phony Frontline
Gain 2 Target Dummies.
 Pandora's Items
Gain a random component. At the start of each turn, items on your bench are randomized (excluding Force of Nature, Spatula, and consumables).
 Ascension
After 15 seconds of combat, your units deal 100% more damage.
 Built Different I
Your units with no Traits active gain 200 Health and 30% Attack Speed.
 Celestial Blessing I
Your units heal for 10% of the damage dealt by attacks and abilities. Excess healing is converted to a shield up to 300 Health.
 Knife's Edge I
Your units that start combat in the front 2 rows gain 30 Attack Damage.
 Cybernetic Implants I
Your units equipped with an item gain 300 Health and 20 Attack Damage.
 Exiles I
Your units that start combat with no adajacent allies gain a 40% maximum Health shield for 8 seconds.
 Featherweights I
Your 1 and 2 cost units gain 40% movement and Attack Speed.
 First Aid Kit
All healing and shielding received by your units is increased by 35%.
 Makeshift Armor I
Your units with no items gain 30 Armor and Magic Resist.
 Scoped Weapons
Double the hex range of your ranged units, and their attacks cannot miss.
 Stand United I
Your units gain 3 Attack Damage and Ability Power per Trait active across your team.
 Thrill of the Hunt I
Your units heal 300 Health on kill.
 Underdogs
Whenever your team has fewer units alive than your opponent, your units regenerate 15% of their missing Health every second.
 Weakspot
Your units' attacks ignore 25% of the target's Armor and reduce healing received by 50% for 10 seconds.

 Runic Shield I
Arcanists start combat with a shield equal to 400% of their Ability Power.

 Cutthroat
Assassins Mana Reave the first unit they attack, increasing their maximum Mana by 65% until they cast.
 Smoke Bomb
The first time Assassins drop below 60% Health, they briefly enter stealth, becoming untargetable and shedding all negative effects.
 
 Stand Behind Me
At the start of combat, Bodyguards grant 100% of their Armor bonus to non-Bodyguard allies directly behind them (does not stack).
 
 Shrug It Off
Bruisers regenerate 2% of their maximum Health each second.

 En Garde
The first time an enemy is attacked by a Challenger, they are Disarmed for 4 seconds.
 Chemical Overload I
Chemtechs explode on death, dealing 50% of their maximum Health as magic damage to enemies within 2 hexes.
 
 All For One
When an ally dies, they grant the Tyrant 25% of their maximum Health.

 Pirates
Mercenary units have a 50% chance to drop 1 gold when they kill an enemy.

 Self-Repair
When the Innovation dies, it will become untargetable and repair itself if an Innovator is still alive.
 Unstable Evolution
Mutants randomly gain one of the following when they reach 2 star: 500 Health, 35% Attack Speed, 35 Attack Damage, or 35 Ability Power. These bonuses stack.

 Lifelong Learning
Scholars that survive combat permanently gain 3 Ability Power.

 Tinker
Every 1 combat round(s) with Scrap active, gain a Magnetic Remover or Reforger.
 Sniper's Nest
Snipers gain +8% damage per round they’ve started combat in the same hex. (Maximum +40%)

 Duet
Summon 1 additional Socialite Spotlight.

 One For All
When your Syndicates die, they grant your other Syndicates 20 Attack Damage and Ability Power.

 So Small
Yordles gain 35% Dodge Chance.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tier 2 - Hextech Augments

 Rich Get Richer
Gain 10 gold. Your maximum interest is increased to 7.
 High Roller
Gain 2 Loaded Dice.
 Ancient Archives
Gain 1 Tome of Traits.
 Clear Mind
If you have no units on your bench at the end of a round, gain 4 experience points.
 High End Shopping
Champions appear in your Shop as if you were 1 level higher.
 Woodland Charm
At the start of combat, your highest Health Champion creates a 1500 Health copy of themself (excluding items).
 March of Progress
Gain 4 bonus experience points per round. You can no longer use gold to gain experience points.
 Trade Sector
Gain a free Shop refresh each round.
 Sunfire Board
At the start of combat, burn all enemies for 40% of their maximum HP over 16 seconds and reduce healing received by 50%.
 Metabolic Accelerator
Your Tactician moves faster and heals 2 Health at the start of each round.
 Salvage Bin
Gain a random completed item. Selling champions breaks apart their full items into components (excluding Force of Nature).
 Knife's Edge II
Your units that start combat in the first 2 rows gain 45 Attack Damage.
 Cybernetic Implants II
Your units equipped with an item gain 450 Health and 30 Attack Damage.
 Exiles II
Your units that start combat with no adajacent allies gain a 60% maximum Health shield for 8 seconds.
 Featherweights II
Your 1 and 2 cost units gain 60% movement and Attack Speed.
 Built Different II
Your units with no Traits active gain 300 Health and 45% Attack Speed.
 Stand United II
Your units gain 4 Attack Damage and Ability Power per Trait active across your team.
 Titanic Force
Your units with more than 1200 maximum Health gain Attack Damage equal to 4% of their maximum Health.
 Makeshift Armor II
Your units with no items gain 45 Armor and Magic Resist.
 Celestial Blessing II
Your units heal for 15% of the damage dealt by attacks and abilities. Excess healing is converted to a shield up to 450 Health.
 Thrill of the Hunt II
Your units heal 450 Health on kill.
 Academy Honors
Gain an Academy Emblem.
 Arcane Sigil
Gain an Arcanist Emblem.
 Runic Shield II
Arcanists start combat with a shield equal to 600% of their Ability Power.
 Spell Blade
Arcanists' attacks deal bonus magic damage equal to 30% Ability Power on hit.
 Hidden Blade
Gain an Assassin Emblem.
 Safety Vest
Gain a Bodyguard Emblem.
 Beef Up
Gain a Bruiser Emblem.
 A New Challenger
Gain a Challenger Emblem.
 Element X
Gain a Chemtech Emblem.
 Chemical Overload II
Chemtechs explode on death, dealing 75% of their maximum Health as magic damage to enemies within 2 hexes.
 Instant Injection
Chemtechs now additionally trigger their bonuses at the start of combat.
 Tick Tock
Gain a Clockwork Emblem.
 Armor Plating
Colossus become invulnerable for 2 seconds the first time their Health drops to 60% and 30%.
 Ardent Censer
Allies healed or shielded by Enchanters gain 15% stacking Attack Speed for the rest of combat (maximum once every 2 seconds).
 Imperial Banner
Gain an Imperial Emblem.
 Dual Rule
There are now 2 Tyrants.
 Hired Gun
Gain a Mercenary Emblem.
 Gold Reserves
Mercenaries deal 1% more damage per 1 gold you have. (Maximum +60%)
 Experiment 13-37
Gain a Mutant Emblem.
 Bulwark
Gain a Protector Emblem.
 Valedictorian
Gain a Scholar Emblem.
 Metal Detector
Gain a Scrap Emblem.
 Deadeye
Gain a Sniper Emblem.
 Share the Spotlight
Allies adjacent to a spotlight at the start of combat gain 50% of its bonuses.
 Shady Business
Gain a Syndicate Emblem.
 Sharpshooter
Twinshot's ranged attacks and abilities can bounce once, dealing 20% less damage.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tier 3 - Hextech Augments

 Windfall
Gain gold based on the number of Augments you currently have. 0 = 20g 1 = 25g 2 = 30g
 Portable Forge
Open an Armory and choose 1 of 3 unique Artifacts crafted by Ornn.
 Item Grab Bag II
Gain 2 random completed items and 2 Reforgers.
 Band of Thieves
Gain 2 Thief's Gloves.
 New Recruit
Gain +1 team size.
 Golden Ticket
Each time your Shop is refreshed, you have a 35% chance to gain a free refresh.
 Level Up!
When you buy experience points, gain an additional 4 experience points. You can now reach level 10.
 Exiles III
Your units that start combat with no adajacent allies gain a 80% maximum Health shield for 8 seconds.
 Featherweights III
Your 1 and 2 cost units gain 80% movement and Attack Speed.
 Knife's Edge III
Your units that start combat in the first 2 rows gain 60 Attack Damage.
 Cybernetic Implants III
Your units equipped with an item gain 600 Health and 40 Attack Damage
 Built Different III
Your units with no Traits active gain 400 Health and 60% Attack Speed.
 Stand United III
Your units gain 6 Attack Damage and Ability Power per Trait active across your team.
 Makeshift Armor III
Your units with no items gain 60 Armor and Magic Resist.
 Celestial Blessing III
Your units heal for 20% of the damage dealt by attacks and abilities. Excess healing is converted to a shield up to 600 Health.
 Thrill of the Hunt III
Your units heal 600 Health on kill.
 Academy Soul
Your team counts as having 2 additional Academics.
 Cram Session
After casting their first Ability, Academics restore 80% of their maximum Mana.
 Runic Shield III
Arcanists start combat with a shield equal to 800% Ability Power.
 Broken Stopwatch
8 seconds into combat, all enemies and non-Clockwork units are frozen in time for 4 seconds.
 Chemical Overload III
Chemtechs explode on death, dealing 100% of their maximum Health as magic damage to enemies within 2 hexes.
 Junkyard
Every 3 combat rounds with the Scrap Trait active, gain a random component.
 Payday
After winning your combat, gain 1 bonus gold for each surviving Syndicate.
